this program has contents of
third parties this is a production of the
tremendous
I will thank very much tartan with the
soccer the sport with more fans in
the world live the Uruguayan selected
Luis Suarez seems political first
hit bitten in the Italian maybe to the
political fashion does not happen to us at all
we are all soccer players we know
everything that goes on the court can
sound the importance nothing does not matter
do not give importance to my idiocies what
which politician so if you get a lot
importance to the photo maybe more are
the politicians
there is the president peña grandson of
chile caldillo of no less talking
Then he allows it because I want them
accompany in the game in the final
and did not care if campaign
electoral sure that mexico is going to
win the world
now we are going to win the world 2
while we do not want to wait for a
best trained team our mustache the
chilangos protesting for another today not
circulate see on Saturday because I want that
go the cops and you will see how
says because we have the rulers that
we have because the town has the
mentality that a citizen has a
chilango more recording repression ladies
and gentlemen see what they are
this is happening today in the afternoon what
good that clarifies when they achieved
I thought that this is happening yesterday in the
night this is happening tomorrow in the
tomorrow he was summoned for the
demonstration against protests
structural aspects of the national asshole
against structural protests
demonstration against protests
structural to me it makes me that it is not
the only one to insult but to the
there was a demonstration of
cars against today does not circulate
posed by mancera
here is in it since the automobiles are
they manifest taxis like that while I
I keep working or doing other
chores I send my car to
manifesting themselves automobiles would be
lend a new one to Mr. don pg
we are a school
of the country
to summarize but I know
all the municipalities of mexico
the 125 municipalities of the state of mexico
who visited more than once
and also the 70 municipalities of oaxaca
and it gets tired 12 there is difference between having
been unemployed 20 minutes in a municipality
and meet him
although that's a lot to say in comparison
of each egg although we keep going
Talking about Tabasco
the senator lose ist a fernando amaya
I do not say that Mexico is a good country for
Long live foreigners do not know
you people of mexico the 40 by
hundred of the students in the
private schools of villahermosa
Tabasco are Venezuelans are Colombians
and if you see the template
workers in pemex who cleans the
toilet the one who sweeps the floor is
tabasqueño is Mexican yes and those who
they have willing plan remove in the air
conditioned are foreigners
hospitable country business what hurts and
it hurts in the soul to see that a congress
and a senate of the republic be in
against your country against the people
who chose them who are against their
culture and its education and that before
mandi gifts of the gringos is what
it hurts and you hurt
but what hurts the most is that we do not
food poverty hurts but the
goleada
politicians grab what is left
to entertain the masses and not us
let's realize how they're hanging with the
bone
need money